Duong Lam.
Pham Hien has replaced Tieu Dao to participate in the martial arts convention.
Remember not to speak.
See what happens to him and report to me immediately.
But why didn't the leader kill him directly?
Have you ever seen how cats tease mice?
Ha ha ha
This martial arts convention starts now.
Next is the first sect tournament.
This year because of the chaos of the devil religion
Because you are not hurt.
Also avoid killing and destroying peace.
So, this time change to worldly wisdom.
Exactly.
Dad, isn't this too much?
If you are an orphan, you lose.
Too eye-opening.
That's interesting.
Invite participants to the stage.